internal organs model of page 15
number one body of pancreas number two
head of pancreas number three tale of
pancreas number four pancreatic duct
number five accessory pancreatic duct
number six major duodenal papilla number
seven minor do a dental papilla number
eight duodenum number nine descending
portion of doing dinner number ten
inferior portions of doing animators
number eleven ascending portion of doing
number twelve right adrenal glands
number thirteen left adrenal gland
number fourteen right kidney number
fifteen left kidney number sixteen
spleen number seventeen this white part
here is the Hillis of spleen number
eighteen is the renal surface of spleen
number nineteen
gastric surface of saline those number
twenty diaphragmatic surface is clean
number twenty five portion of inferior
surface of liver 26 is the gall bladder
it is misspelled in the lab packet it
should be all one word number
twenty-nine cystic duct with spiral
valve number thirty
hepatic duct number 31 will be the
common bile duct number 32 is the celiac
artery number 33 is the gastro duo
dental artery
number 34 superior pancreatic Oh
duodenum artery number 35 is the hepatic
artery number 36 this is underneath this
whole structure here
which is the superior mesenteric artery
now underneath here as well
is the intestinal arteries 38 is the
middle colic arteries 39 is this long
one here is the splenic artery number 40
you'll see it here and here is the Supra
renal arteries and veins carry the veins
and here are the arteries number 41
the hepatic portal vein number 42
superior mesenteric vein 43 intestinal
thing 44 middle colic veins 45 it starts
here in the posterior section and then
if you flip it back around it comes out
here and it goes to the spleen so that
makes that the splenic vein number 46 if
you look closely this portion of the
portal vein is called the main trunk of
portal vein
this artery here is 47 left gastric
artery number 48
is this portion of the splenic artery so
the splenic artery is number 39 here and
it flows into 4849 would be right renal
artery 50 right renal vein 51 left renal
arteries 52 left renal vein 53 would be
these yellow portions here both sides of
the kidney which would be the helis of
kidney 54 right your dur 55 you're
really left ureter 6 on the liver you
will see they call it whitish color or
lavender color
these are branches of the portal vein
within the liver the blue circles would
be branches of the hepatic veins within
the liver the green circles would be
branches of the hepatic ducts within the
liver and 59 would be the red circles
which would be branches of hepatic
artery within the liver keratin